From "Accounts PayPal" <bi11y1@isp-q.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:0.9.4) Gecko/20011019 Netscape6/6.2
MIME-Version: 1.0
To: <username@domain.com>
Subject: Pay.pal. Transfer made $4628.15
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Status: O
X-Status: 
X-Keywords:                  
X-UID: 323

You may or may not have heard of me however I've been marketing on 
THE Internet for over 8 years now and have done extremely well for myself. 
I made over $2,000,000 (2 million USD) in just a couple of months of my 
final year of marketing which was a period when I scaled down due to my 
health.

During this time on THE Internet I joined many companies and generated 
huge successful down lines and databases of highly active marketers. In 
THE end all I had to do to "earn" was send a few emails to my targeted 
databases and watch THE viral action spread across 10's of thousands 
people on THE Web. Each one made me money.

Consider me as one of those illusive "top_earners" that you hear about 
but never have had THE luck of bringing into your own down line. I am 
one of THE successful mystery marketers that many of THE biggest 
companies enrol into THEir own top tier to rapidly populate oTHEr tiers 
with a "bang". I have also been engaged to create and deploy 
aggressive email marketing campaigns to fill lower tiers for some of THE 
largest businesses that you may be involved with right now too. 

I have been involved at THE top of many of THE largest m'l'm, network 
m'ktg and oTHEr business programs and have earned unimaginable 
over rides and ongoing profit. For THE last 7 years I have always been at 
THE top enjoying THE many benefits and huge profit made off oTHEr 
people's work. However because of my health I am selling my personal 
high response databases to a limited number of people for cheap on 
a first-come, first-served basis. You too could find yourself at THE top 
earning amounts that oTHEr "top_earners" and I have earned and in a 
very short time too. All you need is a good business and one of my 
databases.

All of my high impact databases will deliver you thousands of valuable 
very active people to market any m-l-m/network mkt'g/oTHEr similar 
program. Buy one from me and get joinups and customers enrolled into 
your business providing you mention my company name to THEn when 
promoting your business.

You no longer have to market, pay to advertise, submit, opt-in, promote 
or learn "how to do" anything ever again. This will definitely
revolutionise 
THE way you work and make you succeed.

I am not going to give this extremely valuable chance to everyone who 
responds to my email. I have only enough resources to provide 500
people and will only honour that number of orders.

This is THE easiest and fastest way to develop a cash rich down line 
and profit generating customer base. You are not going to experience 
this ever again in THE rest of your life and that you can be 100% sure of.
I can even arrange to send THE promo emails for you. 

This is no joke, reply to my email and I will send you more information 
plus my telephone number so you can call me direct.

Please send an email to: c4r0lin@isp-q.com
with "more" in THE subject line and I will send you additional details to
include great prices and a list of incredible data that I have plus my
contact telephone number to call me on.

If you get a problem emailing me or a bounce please call
00.44 78.18.05.46.83 or from THE USA use 00.144.

If you think I have breached your privacy and you would like to request
me to cancel any oTHEr newsletter or correspondence to you, please
send me an email to: ch4rl1e@isp-q.com
and it will cease from 48 hours. Put "cease" in THE subject line.

